Update directions for creating lock files (#194)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/configuring/activation-keys-subscription.adoc

> .Activation Key with additoinal repositories configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Activation Key with additional repositories configured
```

ubi-9-codeready-builder                                                                                                           Red Hat Universal Base Image 9 (RPMs) - CodeReady Builder`
----

In the example above, the source RPM repositories are not enabled for the following repositories:

----
ubi-9-appstream-rpms                                                                                                           
ubi-9-baseos-rpms                                                                                                               
ubi-9-codeready-builder    
----

> You must locate and enable the appropriate RPM repositories in `+redhat.repo+` by changing `+enabled = 0+` to `+enabled = 1+`.

Reviewer 2: Is this about more than just the source repositories? Does it need to be done before configuring the secret or can the enabled repositories be configured afterwards?

Technically, we only need to enable the source repositories if we want to be able to create the source containers with that specific task.

NOTE: In the source directory for this example there is a Containerfile named `+Containerfile+` which starts with the line `FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi9/ubi`

[start=9]

> . Create the lockfile:

Author: Ah - could remove the `:` here.

    containerfile: Containerfile
----

> NOTE: In the source directory for this example there is a Containerfile named `+Containerfile+` which starts with the line `FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi9/ubi`, which also explains why we're using a RHEL 9 UBI image to generate the lock file.

Reviewer 3: My two cents as non-native english speaker:
```suggestion
NOTE: In the source directory for this example there is a Containerfile named `+Containerfile+` which starts with the line `FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi9/ubi`, which is the reason why we're using a RHEL 9 UBI image to generate the lock file.
```
